fix(html): Update decimal value guidance when step size is 1 (#38590)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/number/index.md

### Allowing decimal values

> One issue with number inputs is that their step size is 1 by default. If you try to enter a number with a decimal (such as "1.1"), it will be considered invalid. If you want to enter a value that requires decimals, you'll need to reflect this in the `step` value (e.g. `step="0.01"` to allow decimals to two decimal places). Here's a basic example:

Reviewer: Let's emphasize on the numerical value. With this update, the note is not needed.
```suggestion
One issue with number inputs is that their step size is 1 by default. If you try to enter a number with a decimal value that's not a whole number (such as "1.1"), it will be considered invalid. Note that values like "1.0" are considered valid because they are numerically equivalent to whole numbers. If you want to enter values with fractions, you'll need to reflect this in the `step` value (e.g., `step="0.01"` to allow decimals to two decimal places). Here's a basic example:
```

```html
<input type="number" placeholder="1.0" step="0.01" min="0" max="10" />
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > When step size is 1, decimal values like "1.0" are considered valid.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
